README.md, before:

# mochihaj

mochihaj is a chatbot for the [Matrix](https://matrix.org/) communication platform that aspires to be fun and useful!

The chatbot is not able to read messages in rooms with encryption enabled.
While supporting E2E was desirable it was ultimately deemed too complicated to do for now.
This means mochihaj is used in unencrypted rooms. Public rooms are unencrypted and a good fit for mochihaj.

## Usage

Invite mochihaj using their Matrix ID **@mochihaj:catgirl.cloud** to an unencrypted room.
mochihaj may or may not be online. They're not currently hosted 24/7.

## Person

mochihaj's name is a compound of two words from Japanese and Swedish and takes the best of both worlds:
**もち** (mochi) and **haj** (shark).
mochihaj is a blåhaj in disguise.

## Why Matrix?

I have done extensive research about messengers and communication platforms and Matrix seemed to be the most promising:

* It is open source and in active development.
* It has very good privacy & end-to-end encryption by default.
* It allows bridging to other services such as IRC, Gitter, XMPP, and more.
  Interact with multiple communities from different platforms using a single platform.
  The chatbot you wrote for Matrix will be available on other services too.
* It offers [a variety of clients](https://matrix.org/clients-matrix/) to choose from.
  There are a lot of great clients for Matrix, for all kinds of platforms.
  Anyone can create their own client.
* Control of your data.
  You can create your own homeserver and manage your data.

Commit message:

chore: put project on hold

README.md, after:

> Note that this project is currently on hold as I'm having some difficulties with the design of an API for
parallel request processing. I also realize that is going to be another huge project that will consume
a lot of my free time that I may need for other things. Maybe someday.

# mochihaj

mochihaj is a bot for the [Matrix](https://matrix.org/) communication platform that aspires to be fun and useful!

The bot is not able to read messages in rooms with encryption enabled.
While supporting E2E was desirable it was ultimately deemed too complicated to do for now.
This means mochihaj is to be used in unencrypted rooms. Public rooms are usually unencrypted and a good fit for mochihaj.

## Usage

Invite mochihaj using their Matrix ID **@mochihaj:catgirl.cloud** to an unencrypted room.
mochihaj may or may not be online. They're not currently hosted 24/7.

You can of course also host mochihaj yourself.

## Person

mochihaj's name is a compound of two words from Japanese and Swedish and takes the best of both worlds:
**もち** (mochi) and **haj** (shark).
mochihaj is a blåhaj in disguise.

## Why Matrix?

I have done extensive research about messengers and communication platforms and Matrix seemed to be the most promising:

* It is open source and in active development.
* It has very good privacy & end-to-end encryption by default.
* It allows bridging to other services such as IRC, Gitter, XMPP, and more.
  Interact with multiple communities from different platforms using a single platform.
  The bot you wrote for Matrix will be available on other services too.
* It offers [a variety of clients](https://matrix.org/clients-matrix/) to choose from.
  There are a lot of great clients for Matrix, for all kinds of platforms.
  Anyone can create their own client.
* Control of your data.
  You can create your own homeserver and manage your data.
